and the minute I understood is that if
something has eyes it has a brain if it
has a brain it has a nervous system a
nervous system it feels pain and if they
feel pain it does not want to die and
honestly I believe food isn't one of the
biggest forms of activism because if I
can win people over with my food and
then you can have that conversation you
can have that talk to me like you want
you enjoyed this this was beets and
brown rice and it looked like a burger
and it tasted like a burger and it had
everything like that and there was no
fat and there was good fiber did stuff
like this so why didn't why do we need
to eat that beef if we can do this with
time based time
[Music]
baddest yen you just came out of a
meeting dealing with veganism and miss
football Tex says a local vegan opinion
leader here Jordan right shirt he's
running for City Council
and there's a lot of talk about how to
take I guess it's a the animal rights
message rather than a vegan message and
get it into a form that will win votes
at City Hall
so that's topic for another video but at
this meeting unmet Randy
so Randy just it's a it's a public
meeting about 20 to 25 people there he
just put his hand to speak a little bit
but I learned a lot of interesting
things about him just for the few things
he missed about zone it's really as soon
as I saw him I could tell he lifts a lot
of weight I just wonder go what if she
goes the same gym circuit tell me some
kind of body weight left there you
mentioned that you had a history of
about 10 years he like you felt were
wasted with with drug use yeah it's at
some point about two years ago he got
into veganism and then from just
veganism into being in activism and now
this is a bigger bigger part of your
life and your your bodybuilding health
and fitness interest is actually spun
off into a into a business interest also
yeah yeah it's kind of go I want to talk
to alright first question first which is
key member the first time you've heard
the word Anita because like at some
point you didn't know what the word
meant right um when I heard the word
vegan it was obviously because I've been
lifting for many many years and when
when I heard the term vegan it was like
somebody that doesn't consume animal
products so no meat so as a bodybuilder
I was like how you give me get your
protein and the infamous question right
it's ridiculous and I kind of laugh
because I'm like this it just seems
outrageous like somebody
and eating plants so first time I
actually heard and understood one being
is my son of the Joker when did that
ship what challenge that something I let
people also who thought with the first
one that heard would be innocent like oh
that would be great if only it wasn't
impossible I guess a little bit of
background about myself is I did suffer
with you know addictions for about a
decade and I was living Chowdhury and I
more likely to give it a clean start to
my life so I moved to Prince Rupert and
in the meantime my ex-wife and I we'd
separated and when I kind of got my legs
together she's like alright let's go try
to give this another goal now that
usually sober and you know got your life
together
in the meantime she adopted a vegan
lifestyle so when we ended up getting
back together I think you know what I'll
just I'll eat the food that you're gonna
cook because I just want to try to make
this transition a little bit easier and
then I was like wow there was such a
different taste of palates there was
beans and lentils chickpeas in falafel
and you know and all these kind of
different things that I'm not
I was just chicken and rice fish and
rice chicken rice hey how you see two
chickens a day that was my goal is I
used to eat two chickens a day because
that's I hadn't got my protein right
which is just ridiculous
in hindsight now but then she's like
okay and I question that was like why
why did you choose me man and she's like
Kaiba was a few shows would you be
interested in watching so we watched
cowspiracy and we watch Earthlings and
it was I don't know it was March eights
two years ago was my birthday and that
was the last time it took goodbye to me
but above I watched your house for your
seeing their Earthlings and I wouldn't
be fair about it was my birthday I'm
gonna trace myself I'm gonna go away to
be brought to Rick
many big Chuck Amina and I had a fight
and I was like this and I just put
it down and I said nice to know this and
from that home I wouldn't understand
vegan and then we'll be into the
separating for the final time
i hate's come to victoria i heard is a
very vegan friendly community and I
wanted to do everything I could to
support animal activism and at that
point I was working construction that
would even be and I was still getting
bigger stronger I was feeling healthier
and I was still putting on a muscle in
the gym I became the personal trainer in
the meantime - and then then when I
moved here then I started to become more
more involved and that's why I met
Jordan and that's how I started to get
involved in this community and then it
still spilled my bodybuilding career and
my passion in that in this year I
actually qualified to the national level
I got fifth place at the Popeyes Fall
Classic which is in Vancouver which is
the biggest bodybuilding show of the
year in DC and then all on 100% vegan
diet and it was a super competitive
class so now when it comes to my
business and my thing is people were
always following my food oh man your
your food looks so good you're in such
good shape and they're like you know
everyone when I just be able to pay you
and you just drop food off of my health
and I was like like I said after about
500 people heat you up on your inbox
like I don't turn this into a career so
I talked to a few friends or like we'd
have fun this I just mentioned she
showed me the photos on his phone of
this prepare it does look very
impressive now you see the macros but I
take it they're bodybuilding oriented
food that is what we spend we've done a
lot of vegan restaurant food videos
we're looking it going to food service
to themselves but at first way that's at
least on the face let me put it this way
I can see right away you've got a
competitive product with a significant
market me significant even in a town the
size of Victoria the first thought in my
mind is you make so much more money in
Los Angeles but be that as it may well
yes do not be a warm-up for a franchise
with and also with my background I
became certified by the International
Sports Sciences Association so I am
allowed any professional advice so I
really understand it just because your
certification as a sports therapist or
those it's just important it's a
personal trainer but personal training
could be its mood it's very in-depth
it's not a weekend course it's like a
900-page book and they took me a month
to write the final exam just as
practical stuff like you friary is it's
one of the better personal training
without actually going into like a
post-secondary so I understand macro i
understand science i've applied to
myself i walk around it to almost 200
pounds at under ten percent body fat
you're around on a vegan diet because I
understand how food with protein fats
and carbs and carb cycling and
everything like this so what I want to
do too often Victoria because I want to
offer a specific macro base food vegan
delivery service so if somebody has you
have your fitness goals you say you want
Randy I want to get down to this percent
body fat here's how many times a week I
work out you're my age my height my
background I can be like you know what
I'll figure I'll do the math is simple
sciences and I will prepare that food
natural base for you that you say you
know I just eat that food you continue
doing what you're doing and you will get
results now look one reason I'm gonna
ask you this guys email is people ask me
those questions and I always say I'm not
an expert I'm not a trainer Christmas I
can tell you what I do but come on
you're good
it's your semester what you refer to
because exactly what you're talking
about I think but nothing there are a
lot of like health gurus on the internet
but I think what they lack is a
sensitivity in the fact that that advice
has to be relative to the particular
person's life like if they were stressed
out with a full-time job and two kids
how many hours really
look at what's a diet that works in that
everything sways factor how much are you
sleeping at you what your stress level
is like what's your activity level and
what's your hydration uniform adjust
there's so many it's more than just food
it's a big piece of the pie but it
fundamentally diet and exercise I
constantly avoided giving that advice
and this made me say go for it
you know I haven't come up with a name
exact company brand but being in a case
like this you'd be like I don't know if
somebody asked you have questions you're
like I'm at wedding you talk to like the
vegan guy so I think I'm literally the
company name there I do that I'm gonna
call it like the beacon got it
just because lots of people I'm like
literally one of the go-to people when
it comes to nutritional advice because
like I said I am qualified I am living
proof and I do and product of my own
knowledge and so you can just slide it
Michael's being Guymon and goes from
there so I think it's kind of catchy
I'm copywriting and even Canada costs
$450 Quebec you mentioned um you know
you did an official get the idea from
your ex ex-wife or ex-girlfriend uh you
know a lot of men stereotypically or in
that situation
so Melissa William camera here her
ex-boyfriend he basically just became
vegans because of huge when you broke up
with them he went back to eating need
five minutes later so I mean you know I
just say if that's you know who you are
because they were in a car accident
they're people who come beating is that
a heart attack you know I think if
there's no shame in your game you know
it's what you do after that it's once
you know it's once you have it I think
this is an example of someone let me
just sort the level of activism
engagement something who's mentioned
you've been doing cube of truth
demonstration to be deployed absolutely
everybody apart from the the food
business side of it is
really passionate or veganism which is
rare for anyone but is especially rare
for people who were you know dragged
into it by their girlfriend she's a bit
of a stereotype and my buddy and I his
name's Mike Downey and he's he's been on
the island for a long time he's he's got
a story it was the city chick the mother
city limits put his pot-bellied pigs so
actually my peplum and he's he's at 240
pounds 6 foot 3 guy he I did his contest
meal prep to be qualified for Nationals
as well on vegan diet we actually have a
Facebook page called Mike and Randy
warriors and concoction so we even have
a company brand that we literally are
warriors of compassion we do everything
we can for activism and and to show
people that you can be a good healthy
fit young guy on a vegan diet you don't
need to do it and the minute I
understood is that if something has eyes
it has a brain if it has a brand it has
a nervous system and the nervous system
it feels pain and if they feels pain it
does not want to die so who are we to go
take that animal's life no it's my
choice TV what about the animals choice
just gonna be don't hear their voice
doesn't mean they don't have a right so
that's that's where I and in my passion
for food and and honestly I believe food
is the one of the biggest forms of
activism because if I can win people
over with my food and then you can have
that conversation you can have that out
I'll talk to be like you want you
enjoyed this this was beets and brown
rice and it looked like the burger and
it tasted like a burger and had
everything like that and there was no
fat and there was good fiber and stuff
like this so why did why do we need to
eat that beef if we can do this with the
time base time yeah I killed my enemies
and I won't kill them home cinema
politics and you know that's I you know
the cow never cross me the wrong way
yeah that's why we're about to get into
you convey thing right
videos regularly you don't want to be an
hour long discussion Garrett but you
know it's gonna say so just now in this
meeting we had I introduced myself as
kind of a politics tone and you can see
people who are as a little cold in that
no one's all that happy to hear oh
really
you have a degree in political science
you know a lot about elections and how
ironic it man
nobody even though that's what that
meetings about nobody's that very the
reaction from that room would have been
totally different if I said hi guys I'm
ruled to learn baking you know I love
bread and pastry and about this time
next year I'm gonna have my own baking
business and you guys can all sign up
everywhere we've been a totally
different reaction you see you're gonna
see this too because you had reaction
you've had the experience that's real
activism now with this kind of you know
local political organizer and it's
totally different you mean you say yes
food food is activism well you can see
just how warm or more subtly presenting
it to people's yeah I do
I do food everything everyone's much
more possible with that and then running
the politics kind of come in through the
side door
ya know doing so good standing on the
street wearing a mask I always wear like
a tight muscle shirt and like you guys
had some of this like I'm super lean so
I either tell people come up to me and
they're just like they're almost
antagonistic great out of the hop yeah
it's a scary muscle-bound dude and the
mass right yeah for gel I'm super calm
and I'm just like yo anybody it creates
that like how are you big and you know
and it almost it helps to because it
does right at that conversation but so
no but I think you're gonna see it
very different conversation new food
services service and is that I mean you
know it's like your relationship with
your grandmother
hopefully unless you have a horrible
grandmother but you know it's that you
know you are feeding people you're
providing service for people and you
know the fact that it's they may think
of it first and foremost is healthy food
that happens to be vegan I mean when
you're when you're rich other people or
non-vegan where the interesting bit of
your kisses convenient food or you don't
work out food or whatever it's it can be
branded in a lot of different ways and
then at some point they start thinking
about those overwhelming other aspects
like hey guys everyday try to visualize
what you know a million slaughtered pigs
produce in terms of dud and poo going
into the rivers at oceans you know
that's what arable let's scale it up a
bit and make a little with you on the
play anyway this is the first day I've
met Randy I'm really happy to this is
for me and exciting fine you know and
look you know Victoria is a small town I
I did super small town it is like it's
big city but it's so small I'd be very
happy to collaborate with you it may be
between the two of us we can make oh
really
I'm 107 friend banished Ian